d/aws_redshift_service_account: Document future deprecation (#29345)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/redshift_service_account.html.markdown

Use this data source to get the Account ID of the [AWS Redshift Service Account](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/db-auditing.html#db-auditing-enable-logging)
in a given region for the purpose of allowing Redshift to store audit data in S3.

> ~> **Note:** [AWS document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/db-auditing.html#db-auditing-bucket-permissions) that [a service principal name](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_elements_principal.html#principal-services) be used instead of AWS account ID in any relevant IAM policy.

Reviewer: This structure felt better to my eye, as long as you feel like it retains the necessary details.

```suggestion
~> **Note:** AWS documentation [states that](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/mgmt/db-auditing.html#db-auditing-bucket-permissions) a [service principal name](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_elements_principal.html#principal-services) should be used instead of an AWS account ID in any relevant IAM policy.
```

> The `aws_redshift_service_account` should now be considered deprecated and will be removed in a future version.

Reviewer: Just to be more explicit

```suggestion
The `aws_redshift_service_account` data source should now be considered deprecated and will be removed in a future version.
```
